location: Venetian, Level 2, Hall B, Expo, Theater 4, Booth #1460, Security Zone
summary: tag_name :DevOps and Developer Productivity, Topic, Security, Compliance, & Identity, Topic, Well-Architected Framework, Area of Interest, Financial Services, Industry, Government, Industry, Cross Industry, Industry, 300 - Advanced, Level, Cloud Security Specialist, Role, DevOps Engineer, Role, IT Executive, Role, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), Services, Monday, Day, Venetian, Venue, , speakers :firstName_0: Justin, lastName_0: McCarthy, company_0: StrongDM, , thirdpartyid :SEC329-S, sessionuid :00624298-D63C-4D1C-8C03-8DA597B2AFE7, title :Zero Trust access with zero waiting, zero pain, and zero compromises (sponsored by StrongDM), description :<p>Dynamic and contextual access is the foundation for building a Zero Trust architecture, but it takes work to get it right. It is challenging to create and manage access policies and controls that meet security and compliance requirements, and gathering evidence for audits can be a burden. But it doesn’t have to be that way. Join this lightning talk to discover how to streamline these processes while making developers’ lives easier. Learn how to implement fine-grained, just-in-time access that will satisfy security teams and help ensure that developers have quick and easy access to what they need when needed—and only for the required duration. This presentation is brought to you by StrongDM, an AWS Partner.</p>, sessiontype :standard, venuename :Venetian, floorplanname :Level 2, locationname :Hall B, Expo, Theater 4, Booth #1460, Security Zone, startdatetimeutc :, enddatetimeutc :, 
enddatetimeutc: 
startdatetimeutc: 
locationname: Hall B, Expo, Theater 4, Booth #1460, Security Zone
floorplanname: Level 2
venuename: Venetian
sessiontype: standard
description: <p>Dynamic and contextual access is the foundation for building a Zero Trust architecture, but it takes work to get it right. It is challenging to create and manage access policies and controls that meet security and compliance requirements, and gathering evidence for audits can be a burden. But it doesn’t have to be that way. Join this lightning talk to discover how to streamline these processes while making developers’ lives easier. Learn how to implement fine-grained, just-in-time access that will satisfy security teams and help ensure that developers have quick and easy access to what they need when needed—and only for the required duration. This presentation is brought to you by StrongDM, an AWS Partner.</p>
title: Zero Trust access with zero waiting, zero pain, and zero compromises (sponsored by StrongDM)
sessionuid: 00624298-D63C-4D1C-8C03-8DA597B2AFE7
thirdpartyid: SEC329-S
speakers: firstName_0: Justin, lastName_0: McCarthy, company_0: StrongDM
tag_name: DevOps and Developer Productivity, Topic, Security, Compliance, & Identity, Topic, Well-Architected Framework, Area of Interest, Financial Services, Industry, Government, Industry, Cross Industry, Industry, 300 - Advanced, Level, Cloud Security Specialist, Role, DevOps Engineer, Role, IT Executive, Role, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), Services, Monday, Day, Venetian, Venue
