location: Mandalay Bay, Level 3 | South, South Seas A
summary: tag_name :Cross Industry, Industry, Business Intelligence, Area of Interest, Data Protection, Area of Interest, Data Scientist, Role, 200 - Intermediate, Level, AWS Lambda, Services, Developer/Engineer, Role, Amazon Kinesis, Services, Monitoring & Observability, Area of Interest, Wednesday, Day, Mandalay Bay, Venue, Training & Certification, Topic, Data Engineer, Role, Analytics, Topic, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK), Services, , speakers :firstName_0: Doug, lastName_0: Perez, , thirdpartyid :TNC202, sessionuid :1314A480-686A-4E7D-86F8-69DDE4F6E9F6, title :Building streaming data analytics solutions on AWS, description :<p>Learn to design and implement streaming data analytics solutions using AWS services with an expert AWS instructor. This 8-hour, deep-dive bootcamp is designed for data engineers, solutions architects, and developers who want to build and manage streaming data analytics pipelines. This bootcamp covers how to scale streaming applications using Amazon Kinesis; how to optimize data storage; how to select and deploy appropriate options to ingest, transform, store, and analyze data; and more. You can practice new skills in a real AWS environment with hands-on labs that cover data analytics solutions. You must bring your laptop to participate. For the full course description, go to https://tinyurl.com/46edkhft.</p>, sessiontype :Bootcamp, venuename :Mandalay Bay, floorplanname :Level 3 | South, locationname :South Seas A, startdatetimeutc :, enddatetimeutc :, 
enddatetimeutc: 
startdatetimeutc: 
locationname: South Seas A
floorplanname: Level 3 | South
venuename: Mandalay Bay
sessiontype: Bootcamp
description: <p>Learn to design and implement streaming data analytics solutions using AWS services with an expert AWS instructor. This 8-hour, deep-dive bootcamp is designed for data engineers, solutions architects, and developers who want to build and manage streaming data analytics pipelines. This bootcamp covers how to scale streaming applications using Amazon Kinesis; how to optimize data storage; how to select and deploy appropriate options to ingest, transform, store, and analyze data; and more. You can practice new skills in a real AWS environment with hands-on labs that cover data analytics solutions. You must bring your laptop to participate. For the full course description, go to https://tinyurl.com/46edkhft.</p>
title: Building streaming data analytics solutions on AWS
sessionuid: 1314A480-686A-4E7D-86F8-69DDE4F6E9F6
thirdpartyid: TNC202
speakers: firstName_0: Doug, lastName_0: Perez
tag_name: Cross Industry, Industry, Business Intelligence, Area of Interest, Data Protection, Area of Interest, Data Scientist, Role, 200 - Intermediate, Level, AWS Lambda, Services, Developer/Engineer, Role, Amazon Kinesis, Services, Monitoring & Observability, Area of Interest, Wednesday, Day, Mandalay Bay, Venue, Training & Certification, Topic, Data Engineer, Role, Analytics, Topic, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (MSK), Services
